abigeato negativo
abismado negativo
abuenamiento positivo
abuenarse positivo
acampado neutro
aceitada negativo
aceitar neutro
acelerado negativo
acerero neutro
achacar negativo
achaplinarse negativo
achique neutro
achoclonado negativo
achunchamiento negativo
achunchar negativo
achuntar positivo
acolchado positivo
acotación positivo
acotar positivo
acusete negativo
afiatamiento positivo
afiatar positivo
afiatarse positivo
afilar neutro
afinación neutro
afinamiento neutro
aforrar negativo
afuerino positivo
agarrar positivo
agarre neutro
agarrón negativo
agendar neutro
aguatero neutro
aguja neutro
ahorcado negativo
ahuevonado negativo
ajiaco positivo
ala neutro
albirrojo neutro
albiverde neutro
albo neutro
albornoz neutro
alcance positivo
alcanzar positivo
alegar negativo
alegato negativo
alentado positivo
aleonar positivo
aletazo negativo
alfombrado positivo
algarrobo positivo
aliado positivo
allanamiento negativo
allanar negativo
allegado neutro
allendismo neutro
almacén positivo
almacenero neutro
aloja neutro
alojada neutro
alojado neutro
altiro positivo
alto positivo
alunizaje neutro
alzado negativo
amanecida positivo
amarrar negativo
amarrete negativo
amasado positivo
ambientalismo positivo
ambientalista positivo
ambiente neutro
ambo neutro
ameritar positivo
amononar positivo
ampolleta neutro
amurrarse negativo
ancuditano positivo
andante positivo
andar positivo
ángel positivo
angelino positivo
angustia negativo
angustiado negativo
animación positivo
animar positivo
aniñado negativo
anteojudo negativo
antisocial negativo
apanado negativo
apegar positivo
aperado positivo
aperar neutro
aperrado positivo
aperrar positivo
apitutado negativo
aportillar negativo
apretado negativo
apretar neutro
apunarse negativo
arraigar positivo
arrastrado negativo
arrastre negativo
arratonado negativo
arratonarse negativo
arrear neutro
arreglado positivo
arreo positivo
arrollado neutro
arrugar negativo
asado positivo
aseador neutro
asegurado positivo
aserruchar negativo
asiento positivo
asopado negativo
atacante negativo
atado negativo
atajada positivo
aterrizar neutro
atinar positivo
atochamiento negativo
atochar negativo
atorrante negativo
atracar neutro
atraque negativo
atravieso neutro
atropellar negativo
aturdido neutro
audicionar positivo
audino neutro
aurinegro neutro
ausentismo negativo
auspiciador positivo
automotor neutro
avisador neutro
avisar positivo
aviso neutro
azulejo positivo
baby positivo
bacán positivo
baile positivo
bailoteo negativo
bajoneado negativo
balacera negativo
balata neutro
banano neutro
banca neutro
bancar neutro
bandejón neutro
banderero positivo
banquetera positivo
banquetería positivo
bañar positivo
bañomaría positivo
barrero neutro
barreta neutro
barrista positivo
barsa negativo
basurear negativo
batucada neutro
belloto neutro
berma neutro
berry positivo
bife positivo
billetón positivo
bioceánico positivo
blablá negativo
blanquillo positivo
block neutro
bocado positivo
bocanada negativo
boche negativo
boldo neutro
boleadoras negativo
boletear positivo
bolón neutro
bolsero negativo
bolsón neutro
bomba negativo
boquiabierto positivo
borgoña neutro
botadero negativo
botado negativo
botar neutro
boxeril positivo
breva neutro
brillo positivo
buche neutro
bueno positivo
burdeo positivo
burrero negativo
cábala neutro
cabalidad positivo
caballuno positivo
cabeceador neutro
cabezal neutro
cabezón neutro
cabreado negativo
cabrear negativo
cabrería neutro
cabro neutro
cabrón negativo
cabrona negativo
cacha neutro
cachái positivo
cachaña negativo
cachar neutro
cachete neutro
cachetón negativo
cachimba positivo
cachiporrearse negativo
cacho negativo
cachupín positivo
cachureo negativo
cafiche negativo
cagado negativo
cagar positivo
cagón negativo
cahuín negativo
calar neutro
calefón positivo
calefont positivo
calendarización neutro
calendarizar neutro
calentar neutro
calilla negativo
callampa negativo
caluga positivo
camote negativo
campero positivo
cana neutro
canastero neutro
cancelación negativo
cancelar negativo
canchero positivo
canelo positivo
canillazo negativo
canillera neutro
canoa neutro
canuto negativo
cañetino positivo
capacho neutro
capaz positivo
capo positivo
caracho negativo
caracolear neutro
carajo negativo
carbonero negativo
carepalo negativo
carreta positivo
carrete positivo
carretear neutro
carretero negativo
carretonero neutro
carrier neutro
carril neutro
carrilero neutro
carro neutro
cartera neutro
cartola neutro
cartuchismo negativo
cartucho negativo
cartuchón negativo
casero positivo
castreño neutro
cateador neutro
cateo neutro
catete negativo
catita neutro
caturra neutro
causeo positivo
cebado positivo
cebollero neutro
cebollín neutro
celestino positivo
cepillado neutro
cestero neutro
chabela positivo
chacal negativo
chacra neutro
challa negativo
chamal positivo
champa negativo
champañazo positivo
chamullar neutro
chamuscado negativo
chancaca positivo
chancha negativo
chanchería neutro
chancleta neutro
chango positivo
chano negativo
chanta negativo
chantar negativo
chañar neutro
chaolín neutro
chapa neutro
chape negativo
chaquetear negativo
chaqueteo neutro
chaquetero negativo
charcha negativo
chasca neutro
chascarro negativo
chascón negativo
chasquilla neutro
chato negativo
chaucha neutro
chauchera positivo
chiche positivo
chichería neutro
chicoco positivo
chicote negativo
chicotear negativo
chiflar negativo
chiflón neutro
chilenidad positivo
chilensis positivo
chilindrina positivo
chinche neutro
chinchín neutro
chinchorro neutro
chingana neutro
chiquitito neutro
chirimoyo negativo
chiva negativo
chochera positivo
choclón negativo
choco neutro
chocoso neutro
cholo negativo
choreado negativo
chorear negativo
choreo negativo
chorero negativo
choreza negativo
chori positivo
choro negativo
choroy positivo
chorrera neutro
chúcaro neutro
chucha negativo
chuchada negativo
chuchesumadre negativo
chucho neutro
chueco negativo
chulo negativo
chuncho positivo
chuño positivo
chupador neutro
chupalla positivo
chupar neutro
chupe neutro
chuta negativo
chutear neutro
chuteo neutro
chuzo neutro
cibercrimen neutro
ciboulette positivo
ciclovía neutro
cifra neutro
cimarra negativo
cité neutro
citófono neutro
citroneta neutro
clandestino negativo
clarín positivo
clarito positivo
clementino neutro
clever positivo
cochinada negativo
cochinón neutro
cocoroco positivo
cogoteo negativo
cogotero negativo
coima negativo
coimear negativo
coimero negativo
cole neutro
colegial neutro
colérico negativo
coleto neutro
colgado neutro
colgar neutro
coligüe neutro
colilarga negativo
colista negativo
collera negativo
coloso positivo
columpiar positivo
comadre positivo
combinado positivo
combo negativo
comedido positivo
comer neutro
comi positivo
comida positivo
compadre positivo
compañero positivo
complemento positivo
componedor neutro
componer positivo
compostura neutro
computín neutro
conchal neutro
conchesumadre negativo
concho neutro
conchuela neutro
concreto neutro
condoro negativo
congelado neutro
constru neutro
contrapunto neutro
contre neutro
conversión neutro
convidar positivo
coño neutro
cooler neutro
cooperar positivo
copete neutro
copi negativo
copucha negativo
copuchar negativo
copuchento negativo
copucheo negativo
cornete negativo
correccional negativo
correntoso neutro
corretear negativo
corrida neutro
corrido negativo
cortar neutro
cortopunzante negativo
corvo negativo
coscacho negativo
cosiaca neutro
cotona neutro
cototo positivo
cototudo negativo
cover positivo
crecer positivo
cuadrado negativo
cuática negativo
cubo neutro
cuca neutro
cucharear positivo
cucho negativo
cuco negativo
cucú neutro
cuero neutro
cuestión neutro
cuete neutro
cuico neutro
culear positivo
culposo negativo
cuma negativo
cunco neutro
cuneta neutro
curación positivo
curado neutro
curador neutro
curagüilla negativo
curar positivo
curatoría negativo
curatorial neutro
dama positivo
daño negativo
defensoría positivo
dengue negativo
denso negativo
depa neutro
desabollador neutro
desabolladura negativo
desaduanamiento negativo
desarmaduría neutro
desarrollar neutro
desbarrancar neutro
descalificador negativo
desconchado negativo
descriteriado negativo
descriterio negativo
descueve positivo
desinteligencia neutro
deslavado negativo
desmalezamiento negativo
desmalezar positivo
desparramo negativo
despelote negativo
desplante positivo
desplumar neutro
desteñir negativo
desubicación negativo
diablada neutro
diablito neutro
dieciochero neutro
digitación neutro
digitado neutro
digitar neutro
dinámico positivo
dividendo negativo
doblado negativo
dona positivo
dormilón positivo
dulce positivo
duro neutro
edecán neutro
elástico neutro
eleccionario negativo
embancar neutro
embarrada negativo
embromar negativo
empaque neutro
empastar neutro
empatar neutro
empleada neutro
empujada neutro
emputecer negativo
encachado positivo
encachar positivo
encaje positivo
encalillarse negativo
encapuchado negativo
encargatoria negativo
encomienda positivo
enferma negativo
enfermo negativo
enfiestarse positivo
enganchador neutro
enganche positivo
engañito negativo
engrupir negativo
enlozar neutro
enojón negativo
enrielar neutro
enrocar negativo
ensartar neutro
enterito neutro
entero neutro
entrabar negativo
entrador neutro
entretención positivo
entumido negativo
escribidor neutro
esmog negativo
especial positivo
espinudo negativo
esquinazo positivo
estelar positivo
estero neutro
estilar neutro
estoperol neutro
estrilar neutro
evento positivo
facho negativo
faldeo negativo
farellón neutro
farra positivo
farrear negativo
farrero negativo
fecas negativo
felizcote neutro
feo negativo
feroz negativo
ferrocarrilero neutro
festivalero positivo
fierro neutro
fiestoca positivo
fijado neutro
filetear positivo
filo negativo
financista positivo
finasangre positivo
finde positivo
firme positivo
fito positivo
flaco neutro
flacuchento negativo
flaite negativo
fleta negativo
flete neutro
fletero positivo
fleto negativo
flipper neutro
floripondio positivo
fogata positivo
folletería neutro
fome negativo
fomedad negativo
fonda positivo
fondeado negativo
fondear negativo
fondo neutro
formalizar neutro
fregado negativo
fregar negativo
frescolín negativo
frigobar neutro
frío neutro
fruncido negativo
fuego neutro
fueguino neutro
fuerte positivo
full positivo
fulminante negativo
fumar neutro
funa negativo
funar negativo
funcia neutro
fundado neutro
fundido neutro
fundo neutro
futbolizado neutro
gallada neutro
galón neutro
galucha negativo
gama positivo
gamba neutro
ganador positivo
gancho neutro
ganoso neutro
garabatear negativo
garage neutro
garrero negativo
garúa positivo
gas neutro
gatear neutro
gatillar negativo
gaucho neutro
generalísimo negativo
geomensura neutro
gil negativo
giro neutro
gobiernista neutro
goce positivo
golpear negativo
gomero neutro
gordo neutro
gorrear negativo
gracia positivo
gradiente neutro
granate neutro
grande neutro
grapa neutro
gremialismo negativo
grilla neutro
gritonear negativo
groso positivo
grosso positivo
guachaca negativo
guachito positivo
guacho negativo
guaina positivo
guajardo negativo
gualeta neutro
guanaco negativo
guaracazo negativo
guarda neutro
guaripola positivo
guata neutro
guatearse negativo
guatero positivo
guatón negativo
güeno positivo
guillatún positivo
guitarrón neutro
habiloso positivo
hachazo negativo
hallulla positivo
harto neutro
hielera neutro
hierba neutro
higo neutro
hijuela negativo
hinchar negativo
hípico neutro
hocico negativo
hocicón negativo
hoyito neutro
hoyo neutro
huachi neutro
huacho negativo
hualle neutro
huasca negativo
huaso neutro
huayno neutro
hueco neutro
huella neutro
hueva neutro
huevada neutro
huevear negativo
huevón neutro
huifa neutro
huilliche neutro
huinca neutro
huincha neutro
huiro positivo
huma neutro
hurguete negativo
hurguetear negativo
impago negativo
impeque positivo
implicancia neutro
imponente positivo
imponer negativo
imponibilidad negativo
imponible neutro
incaico neutro
individual neutro
interconsulta neutro
interinato neutro
interiorización neutro
interiorizar positivo
intertanto neutro
inubicable negativo
iñor neutro
itálico neutro
jabonado neutro
jalar neutro
jalisco negativo
jeta negativo
jetón negativo
joder negativo
jote negativo
jotear neutro
jugado positivo
jugoso neutro
julero negativo
jumper neutro
junior neutro
jurar neutro
kinésica neutro
kunza neutro
laburar positivo
laburo positivo
lacho negativo
ladilla neutro
lanzazo negativo
latear negativo
latero negativo
latoso negativo
laucho neutro
lavaseco neutro
lenga positivo
lengüeta neutro
lesear negativo
leva neutro
librillo positivo
liceano neutro
licitación positivo
licitar neutro
ligerito neutro
listoco positivo
litre negativo
lobería neutro
locación neutro
locro neutro
loíno neutro
loléin positivo
lolerío neutro
lolo neutro
lomaje neutro
lonko positivo
looking positivo
lote positivo
luca positivo
lucrecia neutro
ludo neutro
luma neutro
macabeo negativo
macana neutro
macha neutro
machetazo negativo
machetear negativo
machetero negativo
macuco neutro
madre positivo
maitén positivo
malandra negativo
maletera negativo
maletero negativo
malicia negativo
malla neutro
malo negativo
malón neutro
maltratar negativo
malulo neutro
malva positivo
mama neutro
mamá positivo
mameluco neutro
mamita positivo
mamón neutro
mamurri positivo
mancha negativo
manco negativo
mancomunión positivo
manda negativo
mandar neutro
mandatar neutro
mandinga neutro
manejador neutro
manejar positivo
manejo positivo
manicure positivo
manifestación neutro
manifestar neutro
manopla neutro
mansaca negativo
manso positivo
manubrio positivo
mañoso negativo
maoma negativo
mapudungun neutro
maqui neutro
maraca negativo
maraco negativo
marciano neutro
marginalidad negativo
maricón negativo
marihuanero neutro
marketeo neutro
marketero neutro
martillero neutro
mascada neutro
mascota neutro
masticable neutro
matapasiones negativo
matar negativo
mate positivo
matinal positivo
matonaje negativo
matrón neutro
maximarquista negativo
mayoneso neutro
mayoría positivo
mecha neutro
mechón neutro
mechonear negativo
media neutro
mediagua neutro
medialuna positivo
medicamentar neutro
medidor neutro
medio neutro
mejora positivo
memo positivo
menso negativo
mesón neutro
metalero neutro
metete neutro
metrobús neutro
microtráfico negativo
mija neutro
mijo positivo
minga positivo
mirista neutro
misilero negativo
mocha negativo
mocho neutro
moco neutro
mocoso negativo
modelaje positivo
modelar positivo
molestoso negativo
molido negativo
molo neutro
momio negativo
mona negativo
money neutro
mongo negativo
monito positivo
monocasco neutro
monstruito negativo
monstruo negativo
montajista negativo
montepiado negativo
morenada neutro
mote positivo
motudo neutro
mover positivo
movida neutro
movido neutro
movilizador neutro
muda neutro
mudai neutro
mudar neutro
muerto negativo
mulero negativo
multicancha positivo
multisala neutro
multitienda neutro
municipalizar negativo
muñequear neutro
musicalizar positivo
mype neutro
nalca neutro
nerd negativo
nevar neutro
nevazón neutro
nocaut negativo
nochero neutro
nomás neutro
ñato negativo
ñeque positivo
ñurdo positivo
ocupado negativo
okey positivo
onda positivo
onofre neutro
organizacional neutro
orto neutro
osobuco neutro
otorgación positivo
overo neutro
ovoide neutro
pacatería negativo
pacha neutro
pachamama neutro
paco neutro
paico neutro
pailón negativo
paisa neutro
paja neutro
pajero negativo
pajonal neutro
palanca neutro
paleta neutro
palín neutro
paltón negativo
pampear positivo
pandereta positivo
panfleto neutro
pantruca positivo
papelillo neutro
papú neutro
paquetería positivo
parabién neutro
paradero neutro
parado neutro
parar neutro
parcelero neutro
parchar neutro
parejero neutro
parido neutro
parrillada neutro
parrón neutro
parronal positivo
parte neutro
partear negativo
particular neutro
partida positivo
partidor neutro
partir negativo
partner positivo
pasado neutro
pasar neutro
pasmado negativo
pasta positivo
pastelón neutro
pastorear positivo
pastoso negativo
pata neutro
patache positivo
patagua neutro
patalear negativo
pataleta negativo
patán negativo
patear negativo
patente neutro
pateo neutro
patero positivo
patilla neutro
patiperrear neutro
patota positivo
patrona positivo
patudez negativo
patudo negativo
pautear neutro
pava negativo
paya positivo
payar neutro
payasada neutro
payasear neutro
peak positivo
pechar negativo
pechoño neutro
pedalero positivo
pedigüeño negativo
pega neutro
peladero negativo
pelado neutro
pelador negativo
pelagatos negativo
pelambre negativo
pelar negativo
pellejería negativo
pellejo negativo
pellet neutro
pelotera negativo
pelotero neutro
pelotudo negativo
pelucón negativo
peludo neutro
penar negativo
penca negativo
pencazo negativo
pendejo negativo
péndex negativo
pendón neutro
peni positivo
peñi positivo
peo negativo
peoneta neutro
perfecto positivo
pergenio neutro
pericia neutro
perilla positivo
perkins negativo
personero neutro
pesado negativo
petiso negativo
peuco neutro
peumo neutro
pica neutro
picado neutro
picana neutro
picante negativo
picantería negativo
picar neutro
picarón positivo
pichanguera negativo
pichi negativo
pichí negativo
picho neutro
pichula negativo
picle negativo
picoroco neutro
picota negativo
picoteo positivo
picunche positivo
piducano negativo
pieza neutro
pifia negativo
pifiar negativo
pijama positivo
pilastra neutro
pilcha negativo
pillo negativo
pilucho neutro
pinchar neutro
pinche neutro
pingo neutro
pinta positivo
pintoso positivo
piño neutro
piñufla negativo
piojento negativo
piola positivo
pipeño neutro
pique negativo
pirca positivo
pirula positivo
pirulo negativo
pisadera neutro
pisar neutro
piso neutro
pisquera neutro
pisquero neutro
pitar neutro
pitear negativo
piti positivo
pito neutro
pituto negativo
piuquén neutro
piure negativo
placé neutro
plagiar negativo
plagio negativo
plan positivo
planchar neutro
planchazo negativo
planchón neutro
plomo neutro
plop neutro
plumavit neutro
plumilla neutro
pobla negativo
polca positivo
polera neutro
policontuso negativo
polla neutro
pollera neutro
pololear positivo
pololo positivo
ponchera negativo
poncho neutro
porro negativo
porsiaca neutro
portador neutro
posero neutro
posnatal positivo
posta neutro
postnatal positivo
postor neutro
potable positivo
precipitar neutro
precordillerano neutro
preemergencia negativo
prefecto positivo
prenatal positivo
prendido positivo
prepo negativo
prescindente neutro
previsional positivo
privado neutro
producido neutro
producir positivo
promo positivo
prorrector neutro
protagónico positivo
pucará neutro
pucha negativo
pucho negativo
puelche neutro
puesto neutro
pulenta positivo
pulento positivo
punga negativo
punteada neutro
puntear neutro
punteo neutro
puntero neutro
puntilla neutro
puñete negativo
puro positivo
pus negativo
puta negativo
puteada negativo
putear negativo
quebrada negativo
quebrado negativo
quebrazón negativo
queda positivo
quedado negativo
quemado negativo
quena neutro
queule neutro
quilo neutro
quilombo negativo
quina neutro
quinchamalí neutro
quinoa positivo
quirquincho positivo
rabanito positivo
radal neutro
radial neutro
raja negativo
rajado positivo
rajar negativo
rallar neutro
ramada neutro
rampla neutro
rancio negativo
raqueteo neutro
rasca negativo
raspado neutro
raspar neutro
raulí positivo
raya neutro
rayado neutro
rayar neutro
rayuela neutro
razón positivo
recado positivo
recauchar positivo
receptor positivo
reclamo negativo
recontra negativo
recova neutro
rectificador positivo
redondo neutro
reducción neutro
reducir negativo
refalosa neutro
referil neutro
refundacional neutro
regalón positivo
regalonear positivo
regio positivo
registrar positivo
regodearse negativo
regodeón negativo
relámpago positivo
relax positivo
rellenar positivo
relleno neutro
remezón neutro
remolienda neutro
rendir neutro
rentar neutro
reparatorio positivo
repechaje neutro
repetir negativo
repitencia negativo
réplica neutro
repuntar positivo
repunte positivo
resalto neutro
resfriado negativo
residencial neutro
resumidero neutro
retail neutro
reventón negativo
reversa neutro
rico positivo
rider neutro
ril neutro
rincón neutro
rinconada neutro
ripio positivo
ritalín negativo
roce negativo
rocha neutro
rodado negativo
rodeo neutro
rodoviario neutro
rollo neutro
romadizo positivo
roquerío neutro
rosca negativo
rosquero negativo
roteque negativo
rotería negativo
roto negativo
rubor positivo
ruca positivo
rucio neutro
ruma neutro
running positivo
rutero neutro
sacar neutro
sacudido positivo
sacudón neutro
salado neutro
salpicar positivo
salsoteca neutro
saltar neutro
saltón negativo
salvaje positivo
salvar positivo
salvataje neutro
sapear negativo
saque neutro
saquear negativo
saqueo negativo
saquero negativo
saya neutro
seco positivo
secundario negativo
sello neutro
senaturía neutro
sencillo positivo
sepultación negativo
servicentro neutro
sillón neutro
silvoagropecuario neutro
singerista neutro
singlista negativo
sintético neutro
síquico neutro
siútico negativo
siutiquería negativo
sobrado negativo
sociate neutro
socio positivo
solera neutro
sonado neutro
sonar neutro
soplado neutro
sorry neutro
sostenedor neutro
sound positivo
suite neutro
súper positivo
suplementero neutro
supremo positivo
surgir positivo
suspenso negativo
suspiro positivo
switch neutro
tagua neutro
taita positivo
tajamar neutro
talla positivo
tallarinata neutro
tamarugo positivo
tanda negativo
tandeo negativo
tapadura neutro
taquillero positivo
tarasca neutro
tarreo neutro
tata positivo
tejo neutro
tejuela neutro
telecebolla negativo
templado neutro
tendalada negativo
terciopelo positivo
tero neutro
terrible negativo
tevé neutro
tierral negativo
timonel positivo
tinca positivo
tincar positivo
tincudo positivo
tineo neutro
tiña negativo
tipear neutro
tipo neutro
tira neutro
tirar positivo
tiro neutro
tironeo negativo
tocata positivo
toco positivo
tocomocho neutro
tolva neutro
toma neutro
tomador positivo
tomatillo neutro
tongo negativo
tontito negativo
tonto negativo
tontorrón negativo
topón negativo
toque neutro
torear neutro
tormento negativo
torpedo negativo
torrentoso negativo
toscano neutro
tostado positivo
total neutro
totora neutro
totoral positivo
tóxico negativo
traba negativo
tracalada neutro
tragamonedas negativo
trajebaño neutro
trajinar negativo
tramoya neutro
tranca negativo
trancar neutro
tranquera neutro
tranquiléin positivo
transmitir neutro
trapero negativo
traumar negativo
trehuaco neutro
tricolor neutro
trivia neutro
trompa negativo
tronadura negativo
troncal neutro
tronco neutro
trono positivo
trote positivo
truco neutro
trutruca neutro
tuco neutro
tuerca neutro
tufo negativo
tula positivo
tumbador neutro
tumbo neutro
turistear positivo
turro neutro
tuto positivo
ubicable positivo
ubicar neutro
último neutro
usado negativo
utilero neutro
utilitario neutro
vacunar negativo
vaina neutro
valla neutro
vara neutro
vedetto positivo
velatón neutro
velorio negativo
vereda neutro
versear positivo
vertical neutro
vertiente positivo
vestidor positivo
vestón neutro
vianda positivo
viejujo neutro
virar neutro
vitrinear positivo
vitrola neutro
vivaceta neutro
viveza positivo
volador neutro
volante neutro
volantín positivo
vuelto positivo
vulca neutro
wikén positivo
winner positivo
wurlitzer positivo
yagán neutro
yapa positivo
yaya negativo
yerba neutro
yuyo neutro
zapateado positivo
zapatero positivo
zeta neutro
zunga neutro
abandonado negativo
abejas negativo
aborto negativo
abrasador negativo
abrazo positivo
abrumado negativo
absurdo negativo
abundancia positivo
aburrido negativo
accidente negativo
ácido negativo
acogedor positivo
acontecimiento positivo
acre negativo
activar positivo
acuerdo positivo
acurrucarse positivo
adicto negativo
adinerado positivo
admirado positivo
adorable positivo
adulto positivo
afectar negativo
afecto positivo
afianzar positivo
afligido negativo
afortunado positivo
agilidad positivo
agobiado negativo
agonía negativo
agradecido positivo
agresión negativo
agresivo negativo
agua positivo
aguanieve positivo
aguja negativo
ahogarse negativo
ahorrar positivo
aire positivo
alba positivo
alcohólico negativo
alegre positivo
alergia negativo
alerta negativo
almohada positivo
amabilidad positivo
amable positivo
amado positivo
amanecer positivo
amarillo positivo
ambición positivo
ambulancia negativo
amenaza negativo
amigable positivo
amigo positivo
amor positivo
ampolla negativo
ángel positivo
anhelo negativo
ánimo positivo
ansioso negativo
aplastado negativo
aplausos positivo
aprender positivo
aprobación positivo
apuros negativo
araña negativo
árbol positivo
arcoiris positivo
arma negativo
armario positivo
arrepentido negativo
arrogante negativo
arte positivo
as positivo
ascensor negativo
asediado negativo
asesinar negativo
asesino negativo
asfixiarse negativo
asombrado positivo
áspero negativo
asqueado negativo
asqueroso negativo
astronauta positivo
asustado negativo
ataúd negativo
aterrorizado negativo
ético positivo
atracador negativo
atrevido positivo
atrocidad negativo
aurora positivo
autobús negativo
avalancha negativo
avaricia negativo
avenida negativo
aventura positivo
avergonzado negativo
avión positivo
avispa negativo
azúcar positivo
azul positivo
bailarín positivo
bala negativo
bancarrota negativo
banco positivo
bandera negativo
bañera positivo
baño positivo
bar positivo
barco positivo
barril negativo
bastardo negativo
basto negativo
bastón negativo
basura negativo
beb positivo
bebida positivo
belleza positivo
bendecir positivo
beso positivo
bestia negativo
blanco positivo
blasfemia negativo
boda positivo
bodega positivo
bofetada negativo
bombilla positivo
botella positivo
boxeador negativo
brazo positivo
brillante positivo
brío positivo
brisa positivo
brutal negativo
buceador positivo
búho positivo
bulto negativo
burla negativo
caballo positivo
cable negativo
cachorro positivo
cadáver negativo
caída negativo
calidad positivo
callado negativo
calle positivo
callejón negativo
calmar positivo
calor positivo
cama positivo
camión negativo
campeón positivo
campo positivo
cáncer negativo
canción positivo
cansado negativo
cañón negativo
caos negativo
capricho positivo
cara positivo
caramelo positivo
cárcel negativo
caricia positivo
cariñoso positivo
carretera negativo
carro negativo
carroña negativo
carta positivo
casa positivo
cascada positivo
casino negativo
casita positivo
castigo negativo
celos negativo
célula negativo
cementerio negativo
cena positivo
cerdo negativo
césped positivo
cesta positivo
chaleco negativo
champiñon negativo
chantaje negativo
chica positivo
chico positivo
chiflado negativo
chillido negativo
chiste positivo
chocolate positivo
choque negativo
cicatriz negativo
ciclón negativo
ciego negativo
cielo positivo
ciempiés negativo
cieno negativo
circo positivo
círculo negativo
cirugíía negativo
ciudad positivo
cobarde negativo
coche positivo
cocina positivo
cocinero positivo
codo negativo
coito positivo
cólera negativo
color positivo
columna negativo
comedia positivo
comer positivo
comprometido positivo
concentrado positivo
conejito positivo
conejo positivo
confianza positivo
confort positivo
confuso negativo
conocimiento positivo
considerado positivo
consigna negativo
consolado positivo
contaminar negativo
contenido positivo
contexto negativo
convencido positivo
coqueto positivo
corazón positivo
corcho negativo
cordero positivo
corona positivo
corredor negativo
correo positivo
corrupto negativo
corte negativo
cortesía positivo
cortina negativo
costa positivo
costumbre positivo
cotilleo negativo
cráneo negativo
crepe positivo
crepúsculo positivo
criatura positivo
crimen negativo
criminal negativo
crisis negativo
crucificar negativo
cruel negativo
cucaracha negativo
cuchillo negativo
cuenco positivo
cuerpo positivo
culpa negativo
culpable negativo
cumpleaños positivo
cura negativo
curioso positivo
daga negativo
daño negativo
débil negativo
decepcionar negativo
decorar positivo
dedicado positivo
dedo negativo
defendido positivo
deforme negativo
deleite positivo
delicado positivo
demente negativo
demonio negativo
dentista negativo
deportes positivo
depresión negativo
deprimido negativo
desagrado negativo
desanimado negativo
desastre negativo
descanso positivo
descomposición negativo
desdn negativo
desdeñoso negativo
desenfadado positivo
deseo positivo
desertor negativo
desesperado negativo
desleal negativo
deslumbramiento negativo
desnudo positivo
desordenado negativo
despedazar negativo
desperdicio negativo
despreciar negativo
despreocupado positivo
destruccióón negativo
destruir negativo
desventaja negativo
desvestido positivo
detalle positivo
detestar negativo
deuda negativo
devoto negativo
diablo negativo
diamante positivo
dicha positivo
dificultar negativo
digno positivo
dinero positivo
díos positivo
diploma positivo
disgustado negativo
distante negativo
disturbio negativo
diversión positivo
divorcio negativo
doctor negativo
dólar positivo
dolencia negativo
dolor negativo
dormir positivo
duro negativo
edificio negativo
educación positivo
efectivo positivo
egoísta negativo
ejecución negativo
ejercicio positivo
ejército negativo
electrodomstico positivo
elegante positivo
empleo positivo
enamorado positivo
encanto positivo
enérgico positivo
enfadado negativo
enfado negativo
enfermedad negativo
enfermera negativo
enfurecido negativo
engaño negativo
engreído negativo
ensalada positivo
entierro negativo
entrometido negativo
entusiasmo positivo
erótico positivo
error negativo
erudito positivo
escándalo negativo
escéptico negativo
esclavo negativo
esconder negativo
escopeta negativo
escorbuto negativo
escoria negativo
escorpión negativo
escritor positivo
esfera positivo
espacio positivo
espantoso negativo
esperanza positivo
esperanzado positivo
espina negativo
espíritu positivo
esposa positivo
esposo positivo
espuma positivo
esquina negativo
estancado negativo
estatua positivo
estiércol negativo
estómago negativo
estrella positivo
estremecerse negativo
estrés negativo
estufa positivo
estúpido negativo
eufórico positivo
excelencia positivo
excitado positivo
excusa negativo
éxito positivo
exquisito positivo
éxtasis negativo
exterior positivo
extraordinario positivo
extraterrestre negativo
fácil positivo
falso  negativo
fama positivo
famlico negativo
familia positivo
famoso positivo
fantasía positivo
faro positivo
farol negativo
fascinar positivo
fase negativo
fastidiar negativo
fatigado negativo
favor positivo
feliz positivo
festivo positivo
fétido negativo
fiebre negativo
fiesta positivo
firmamento positivo
flemón negativo
flexible positivo
flor positivo
florecer positivo
fofo negativo
folleto negativo
follón negativo
fortuito positivo
fracaso negativo
fragancia positivo
fraude negativo
frío negativo
frustrado negativo
fuego negativo
funeral negativo
furcia negativo
fusil negativo
ganancias positivo
ganar positivo
gangrena negativo
gatito positivo
gato positivo
glido negativo
gnero negativo
generoso positivo
genial positivo
gente positivo
grmenes negativo
gimnasta positivo
glaciar positivo
glamour positivo
gloria positivo
golfista negativo
golpe negativo
gordo negativo
graduado positivo
granada negativo
granja positivo
grave negativo
grito negativo
grosero negativo
guapa positivo
guapo positivo
guardería positivo
guerra negativo
guillotina negativo
guiño positivo
gusano negativo
habitante positivo
hábito negativo
halcón positivo
hambriento negativo
hamburguesa positivo
harto negativo
hastío negativo
hedor negativo
heno negativo
heridas negativo
herido negativo
hermano positivo
hermoso positivo
heroína negativo
herramienta negativo
hervir negativo
hierro negativo
historia positivo
hogar positivo
hombre positivo
homicida negativo
honesto positivo
hongo negativo
honor positivo
hornear positivo
horquilla positivo
horror negativo
hospital negativo
hostil negativo
hotel positivo
huevo positivo
humano positivo
humilde positivo
humillar negativo
humor positivo
huracán negativo
idea positivo
identidad positivo
idiota negativo
ídolo positivo
iglesia negativo
ignorancia negativo
imaginar positivo
imparcial negativo
impotente negativo
impresionado positivo
incentivo positivo
incomodidad negativo
incordio negativo
indefenso negativo
indiferente negativo
industria negativo
infección negativo
infeliz negativo
inferior negativo
infiel negativo
infierno negativo
ingenio positivo
inmaduro negativo
inmoral negativo
inocente positivo
inquieto negativo
insecto negativo
inseguro negativo
insolente negativo
inspirado positivo
inspirar positivo
insulto negativo
intelecto positivo
inters positivo
íntimo positivo
intruso negativo
inundación negativo
inútil negativo
invasor negativo
invertir positivo
invitación positivo
irritar negativo
jaqueca negativo
jardín positivo
jarra negativo
joven positivo
jovial positivo
joya positivo
júbilo positivo
jubiloso positivo
juego positivo
juguete positivo
justicia positivo
juventud positivo
ketchup negativo
ladrón negativo
lago positivo
lámpara positivo
lánguido negativo
lápiz negativo
lástima negativo
lavabo negativo
leal positivo
leche positivo
lento negativo
león negativo
lepra negativo
lesbiana positivo
lesión negativo
leyenda positivo
liberación positivo
libertad positivo
libre positivo
libro positivo
licenciado positivo
líder positivo
liga positivo
linterna positivo
liso positivo
litro positivo
llano positivo
llave positivo
lloriqueo negativo
lluvia negativo
lóbrego negativo
loco negativo
logro positivo
lotería positivo
lucha negativo
lujo positivo
lujuria positivo
maestro positivo
magdalena positivo
mágico positivo
magistral positivo
malaria negativo
maleducado negativo
maltrato negativo
malvado negativo
manera negativo
manguera positivo
maníaco negativo
maniquí negativo
mano positivo
manosear negativo
mantequilla positivo
máquina negativo
maquinilla negativo
maravilla positivo
mareado negativo
mariposa positivo
mariquita positivo
martillo negativo
masacre negativo
mascota positivo
masturbarse positivo
matanza negativo
material positivo
medicina positivo
mejorar positivo
melodía positivo
memoria positivo
mendigo negativo
menosprecio negativo
mente positivo
mentira negativo
mentón negativo
mercado positivo
mermelada positivo
mes positivo
mesa negativo
metal negativo
mtodo positivo
miedoso negativo
miel positivo
milagro positivo
millonario positivo
miseria negativo
místico positivo
modesto positivo
moho negativo
molde negativo
molestar negativo
molestia negativo
molino positivo
momento positivo
moneda positivo
monja negativo
mono positivo
montaña positivo
moral positivo
morboso negativo
morgue negativo
mosquito negativo
motor negativo
movilidad positivo
mucosidad negativo
mueca positivo
muerte negativo
mugre negativo
mujer positivo
muleta negativo
multa negativo
mundo positivo
muñeca positivo
musculoso positivo
museo positivo
música positivo
mutación negativo
mutilar negativo
nadador positivo
narcótico negativo
natural positivo
naturaleza positivo
navidad positivo
nectar positivo
negligencia negativo
negro negativo
nene positivo
nervioso negativo
neurótico negativo
nevera positivo
nieve positivo
niño positivo
nombre positivo
noticias positivo
novia positivo
novio positivo
nubes positivo
nublado negativo
nudo negativo
nutrir positivo
obedecer negativo
obesidad negativo
obsceno negativo
obsequio positivo
obsesión negativo
ocaso positivo
ocano positivo
odiar negativo
odio negativo
ofender negativo
oficina negativo
olla negativo
opción positivo
opinión positivo
oportunidad positivo
optimismo positivo
ordenado positivo
ordenador positivo
orgasmo positivo
orgullo positivo
orgulloso positivo
orina negativo
oro positivo
orquesta positivo
oscuro negativo
otoño positivo
oxidado negativo
paciente negativo
padre positivo
pájaro positivo
palacio positivo
paloma positivo
pancarta positivo
pánico negativo
pantano negativo
pañuelo negativo
papel negativo
paraguas negativo
paraíso positivo
parálisis negativo
pareja positivo
parte negativo
pasaje positivo
pasillo negativo
pasión positivo
pastel positivo
patente negativo
patriota negativo
pausado positivo
paz positivo
pecado negativo
pecaminoso negativo
película positivo
peligro negativo
pellizco negativo
pena negativo
pene positivo
penoso negativo
pensamiento positivo
perdedor negativo
perdido negativo
perezoso negativo
perfección positivo
perfume positivo
perro positivo
persona positivo
perverso negativo
pervertido negativo
pesadilla negativo
pesar negativo
pesaroso negativo
pescado positivo
pesimismo negativo
peste negativo
pezón positivo
pie negativo
piel positivo
pieza negativo
pinchazo negativo
pintura positivo
piojo negativo
piojos negativo
pirotecnia positivo
pistola negativo
pitón negativo
pizza positivo
placer positivo
planta positivo
playa positivo
pleito negativo
pobreza negativo
poder positivo
poderoso positivo
podrido negativo
poesía positivo
ponzoña negativo
porquería negativo
póster positivo
pradera positivo
precipicio negativo
predominante negativo
prenda positivo
presión negativo
prestigio positivo
primavera positivo
prisión negativo
privacidad positivo
problema negativo
progreso positivo
promoción positivo
protegido positivo
publicación positivo
pueblo positivo
puerta positivo
puntapi negativo
putrefacto negativo
queja negativo
quemadura negativo
queroseno negativo
rabia negativo
radiador positivo
radiante positivo
radio positivo
ramo positivo
rana negativo
rápido positivo
rapto negativo
raro negativo
rascacielos negativo
rata negativo
rebelde negativo
recado negativo
rechazado negativo
recogedor negativo
recompensa positivo
reconocido positivo
recuerdos positivo
refrigerio positivo
regalo positivo
rehn negativo
reina negativo
relajado positivo
relámpago negativo
reloj negativo
repisa negativo
reptil negativo
repugnante negativo
rescate positivo
resentirse negativo
reservado negativo
respeto positivo
respetuoso positivo
respuesta positivo
restaurante positivo
retrasado negativo
reunión positivo
reverente negativo
revólver negativo
revuelta negativo
rey negativo
rifle negativo
ríígido negativo
riña negativo
río positivo
riqueza positivo
risa positivo
roca negativo
rojo positivo
romántico positivo
roña negativo
ropa positivo
rubio positivo
ruidoso negativo
sabio positivo
sabor positivo
salud   positivo
saludar positivo
saludo positivo
salvador positivo
sangriento negativo
santo negativo
sarampión negativo
satisfecho positivo
secador positivo
seda positivo
seguro positivo
seno positivo
sentimiento positivo
serio negativo
serpiente negativo
sexo positivo
sexy positivo
sífilis negativo
silbato negativo
silla positivo
simpático positivo
snob negativo
sobrecogido negativo
sobresaltado negativo
sociable positivo
soga negativo
sol positivo
soleado positivo
soledad negativo
solemne negativo
solitario negativo
solo negativo
sombra negativo
sombrero negativo
sonajero positivo
sorprendido positivo
soso negativo
sospechoso negativo
spray negativo
suave positivo
suburbio negativo
suciedad negativo
sucio negativo
sueño positivo
suicidio negativo
sustento positivo
tabaco negativo
tablero negativo
taburete negativo
talento positivo
tanque negativo
tarta positivo
taxi negativo
tela positivo
temeroso negativo
temor negativo
temperamental negativo
tenedor negativo
tenis positivo
tenso negativo
tenue positivo
teoría negativo
termita negativo
termómetro negativo
terrorista negativo
tesoro positivo
tiburón negativo
tiempo positivo
tierno positivo
tierra positivo
tieso negativo
tijeras negativo
tímido negativo
tinta negativo
tobillo negativo
tobogán positivo
tolerante positivo
tonada negativo
tontería negativo
tormenta negativo
tornado negativo
torpe negativo
torre positivo
tortura negativo
tóxico negativo
tragedia negativo
traicionar negativo
traidor negativo
trampolín positivo
tranquilo positivo
trauma negativo
travesía positivo
travesura positivo
triste negativo
triunfante positivo
triunfo positivo
trofeo positivo
trompeta positivo
tumba negativo
tumor negativo
turbio negativo
úlcera negativo
unidad positivo
utensilio negativo
útil positivo
vaca positivo
vacación positivo
vacilar negativo
vagina negativo
valiente positivo
vampiro negativo
vándalo negativo
vanidad negativo
vehículo positivo
velero positivo
veloz positivo
vencedor positivo
vencido negativo
venda negativo
veneno negativo
ventaja positivo
ventana positivo
verdad positivo
verde positivo
vergonzoso negativo
vertedero negativo
vestido positivo
viajes positivo
víctima negativo
victimismo negativo
victoria positivo
vida positivo
vidrio negativo
vigilante negativo
vigoroso positivo
vino negativo
violación negativo
violento negativo
violín positivo
virgen negativo
virtud positivo
viruela negativo
visión positivo
vívido positivo
vivo positivo
volcán negativo
vómito negativo
yate positivo
zafiro positivo
zurra negativo
abundancia negativo
abundante positivo
adecuado positivo
admirable positivo
adorar positivo
agitacion negativo
agotamiento negativo
agradable positivo
agudo negativo
alerta positivo
apreciado positivo
apropiado positivo
aviso negativo
calvario negativo
cansancio negativo
censura negativo
confusion negativo
contento positivo
conveniente positivo
correccion positivo
corrupcion negativo
cortes positivo
criterio positivo
crueldad negativo
curioso negativo
desconocido negativo
destacable positivo
dictadura negativo
diestro positivo
dificil negativo
dificultad negativo
educado positivo
erupcion negativo
estima positivo
estimulante positivo
estricto negativo
facultades positivo
fijacion negativo
funcional positivo
gasto negativo
gozo positivo
gravedad negativo
ilegal negativo
imperial positivo
inestable negativo
letal negativo
magnifico positivo
maldicion negativo
misterioso negativo
obediencia positivo
opresion negativo
optimista positivo
pacifico positivo
parasito negativo
parcial positivo
parodia negativo
pasado negativo
peor negativo
perfeccion positivo
placido positivo
plaga negativo
pobre negativo
poetico positivo
potente positivo
predominante positivo
preocupado negativo
preservacion positivo
presto positivo
propicio positivo
rendimiento negativo
renovacion positivo
renuncia negativo
repositivoo positivo
resistente positivo
riguroso negativo
salvacion positivo
salvaje negativo
sonrisa positivo
superficial negativo
tirania negativo
toxico negativo
vacio negativo
valioso positivo
viable positivo
abandonar negativo
abandono negativo
abarrotado negativo
abatir negativo
abierto positivo
abominable negativo
abominacion negativo
abominar negativo
aborrecer negativo
aborrecible negativo
aborrecimiento negativo
abrumar negativo
absolutismo negativo
abundoso positivo
acabado negativo
acaudalado positivo
acertado positivo
achaque negativo
achispado negativo
acibarar negativo
acido negativo
aclamacion positivo
acobardar negativo
acosar negativo
acusacion negativo
acusar negativo
admiracion positivo
admonitorio negativo
adusto negativo
adversidad negativo
advertencia negativo
afable positivo
afan negativo
afeccion negativo
afectuoso positivo
afeminado negativo
affaire positivo
aficion positivo
afirmar positivo
afirmativo positivo
afliccion negativo
afrenta negativo
afrontar negativo
agitado negativo
agitar negativo
agobiante negativo
agravamiento negativo
agravar negativo
agrio negativo
agudeza negativo
ahuecamiento negativo
ajustar positivo
alboroto negativo
alborozar positivo
alborozo positivo
alcoholico negativo
alcornoque negativo
alegria positivo
alentar positivo
alfilerazo negativo
algazara positivo
alifafe negativo
alimenticio positivo
alivio positivo
alocado negativo
altaneria negativo
altanero negativo
altivez negativo
altiveza negativo
altivo negativo
altruista positivo
amargar negativo
amargo negativo
amargura negativo
ambicion positivo
amenazador negativo
ameno positivo
amistoso positivo
amonestar negativo
angelical positivo
angelico positivo
angustioso negativo
animado positivo
animal negativo
animosidad negativo
aniquilacion negativo
aniquilamiento negativo
ansia negativo
ansiedad negativo
ansioso positivo
antagonico negativo
antediluviano negativo
anticuado negativo
antiguo negativo
antipatico negativo
antitetico negativo
anular negativo
apacible positivo
apasionado positivo
apasionante positivo
apenado negativo
apesadumbrado negativo
aplauso positivo
apocar negativo
apoderarse negativo
aprension negativo
apretura negativo
aprieto negativo
apto positivo
apuesto positivo
apuro negativo
aranazo negativo
ardiente positivo
ardor positivo
arisco negativo
arpia negativo
arrancar negativo
arranque positivo
arrebatamiento positivo
arrebatar positivo
arrebato positivo
arrepentirse positivo
arriesgado negativo
arriesgar negativo
arrobamiento positivo
arrobar positivo
arrogancia negativo
arrojado positivo
arruinar negativo
artero negativo
artificial negativo
ascendente positivo
asco negativo
asegurar positivo
asimetria negativo
asombrar negativo
asombroso positivo
aspiracion positivo
asquear negativo
astuto positivo
asunto positivo
asustar negativo
atencion positivo
atento positivo
atolladero negativo
atormentar negativo
atractivo positivo
atrayente positivo
atrevimiento negativo
atribulacion negativo
atroz negativo
aturdir negativo
aturrullar negativo
audaz positivo
austero negativo
autentico positivo
autoritarismo negativo
autorizacion positivo
aventajar positivo
aversion negativo
bacanal negativo
bajo negativo
bajon negativo
baladron negativo
barbaridad negativo
barbarie negativo
barbaro negativo
barrila negativo
befa negativo
belico negativo
belicoso negativo
bellaco negativo
bello positivo
beneficio positivo
beneficioso positivo
benefico positivo
benevolencia positivo
benevolente positivo
benevolo positivo
berenjenal negativo
bestial negativo
bienaventuranza positivo
bienestar positivo
bizarro positivo
bobo negativo
bocon negativo
bombon positivo
bonito positivo
borracho negativo
botarate negativo
braveza negativo
bravucon negativo
bravura negativo
brega negativo
brillantez positivo
bronca negativo
brote negativo
bruja negativo
buen positivo
bullanguero negativo
bullicio negativo
bunuelo negativo
burlar negativo
burro negativo
caballeria positivo
caballerosidad positivo
cabezota negativo
caca negativo
cacao negativo
cagada negativo
cagarria negativo
caida negativo
calamidad negativo
calamitoso negativo
calavera negativo
calido positivo
calmado positivo
calmo positivo
calvatrueno negativo
camorra negativo
camorrista negativo
candido positivo
cantada negativo
cante negativo
capital positivo
caradura negativo
cardenal negativo
carecer positivo
carga negativo
cargante negativo
carinoso positivo
carniceria negativo
caro negativo
cascarrabias negativo
casual positivo
cataclismo negativo
catastrofe negativo
catastrofico negativo
caucion negativo
caustico negativo
cautivador positivo
cautivar positivo
ceder negativo
celebracion positivo
celebrar positivo
celebre positivo
censurar negativo
ceporro negativo
cernicalo negativo
certero positivo
cese positivo
chachi negativo
chalado negativo
charro negativo
chasco negativo
chic positivo
chillon negativo
chismorreo negativo
chocar negativo
chufleta negativo
cinismo negativo
cipote negativo
circunspeccion positivo
civilizado positivo
clamoroso positivo
codicioso negativo
coger negativo
coherente positivo
coincidencia positivo
colerico negativo
coligado positivo
colmado positivo
combativo negativo
comodidad positivo
compasion positivo
competente positivo
complaciente positivo
complicacion negativo
comprensible positivo
comprometer negativo
comun negativo
conceder negativo
concepcion positivo
conciencia positivo
condescendencia negativo
confiabilidad positivo
confidente positivo
conflicto negativo
confrontacion negativo
congoja negativo
conmiseracion negativo
conmocion negativo
conocido positivo
consagrar positivo
consagrarse positivo
consciencia positivo
conseguir positivo
consideracion positivo
constante positivo
consternado negativo
consternar negativo
consumado positivo
contradiccion negativo
contraerse negativo
contrariedad negativo
contrario negativo
contratiempo negativo
contundente positivo
conturbar negativo
contusion negativo
copete negativo
copioso positivo
coraje positivo
cordial positivo
cortante negativo
corto negativo
crack positivo
craso negativo
creativo positivo
creciente positivo
credibilidad positivo
creible positivo
criatura negativo
cuento negativo
cuestionable negativo
cuita negativo
cuitado negativo
culpabilidad negativo
cultivado positivo
culto positivo
dadivoso positivo
danar negativo
danino negativo
dano negativo
danoso negativo
debacle negativo
debil negativo
decaido negativo
decepcion negativo
dechado positivo
decidido positivo
dedicar positivo
defecto negativo
deferencia positivo
deficiencia negativo
deficiente negativo
degeneracion negativo
delatar negativo
deleitoso positivo
deletereo negativo
delicadeza positivo
delicado negativo
delicioso positivo
delincuente negativo
delirio negativo
demoler negativo
denegativoacion negativo
deplorable negativo
deplorar negativo
depre negativo
depresivo negativo
deprimente negativo
deprimir negativo
derribar negativo
derrocar negativo
derroche positivo
desabrido negativo
desabrigo negativo
desafecto negativo
desafilado negativo
desafio negativo
desafortunado negativo
desagradable negativo
desagradar negativo
desagradecido negativo
desahogo positivo
desalentado negativo
desalentador negativo
desalentar negativo
desalmado negativo
desamparo negativo
desanimar negativo
desapacible negativo
desarreglo negativo
desasosegado negativo
desasosiego negativo
desastroso negativo
desatento negativo
desazon negativo
desbarajuste negativo
descarado negativo
descargar positivo
descaro negativo
descomunal negativo
desconcertar negativo
desconsolado negativo
descortes negativo
descuello negativo
descuido negativo
desden negativo
desdenar negativo
desdicha negativo
desdichado negativo
desecho negativo
desencadenamiento negativo
desencanto negativo
desengano negativo
desesperacion negativo
desesperanza negativo
desesperanzar negativo
desestimacion negativo
desfachatez negativo
desfallecimiento negativo
desfasado negativo
desfavorable negativo
desgarbado negativo
desgarrador negativo
desgracia negativo
deshonra negativo
desigual negativo
desigualdad negativo
desilusion negativo
desistir negativo
deslumbrante negativo
desmanado negativo
desmentir negativo
desmesurado negativo
desmoralizar negativo
desnudar negativo
desocupado positivo
desolado negativo
desorbitado negativo
desorden negativo
despedida positivo
despiadado negativo
despido positivo
despositivoeer negativo
despotismo negativo
despreciable negativo
desprecio negativo
desprendido positivo
desquiciar negativo
desquite negativo
destacado positivo
destacar positivo
destreza positivo
destrozar negativo
desvanecimiento negativo
desventajoso negativo
desventura negativo
desventurado negativo
desvergonzado negativo
desverguenza negativo
detestable negativo
detonador negativo
detrimento negativo
diablillo negativo
dichoso positivo
dificultoso negativo
dinamico positivo
discernimiento positivo
discrecion positivo
discusion negativo
diseminado negativo
diserto positivo
disfrutar positivo
disgustar negativo
disgusto negativo
disparatado negativo
distincion positivo
distinguido positivo
distinguir positivo
distraer negativo
disturbios negativo
diverso negativo
divertido positivo
divertir positivo
divino positivo
docto positivo
doler negativo
doloroso negativo
dotar positivo
ducho positivo
dudoso negativo
ebrio negativo
echador negativo
edicion positivo
eficaz positivo
efimero negativo
ejemplar positivo
ejemplo positivo
elacion negativo
elevado positivo
elocuente positivo
embelesamiento positivo
embelesar positivo
embeleso positivo
embotado negativo
embravecido negativo
embriagar positivo
embrollo negativo
embrujar positivo
embullo positivo
embuste negativo
eminencia positivo
emocionante positivo
empobrecido negativo
empobrecimiento negativo
encantador positivo
encantar positivo
encogerse negativo
encomendar positivo
enconar negativo
encono negativo
encontronazo negativo
endeblez negativo
endiosamiento negativo
energizar positivo
enervar negativo
enfadoso negativo
engano negativo
enganoso negativo
engendro negativo
engorroso negativo
engreimiento negativo
enojar negativo
enojoso negativo
enredo negativo
entono negativo
entranable positivo
entremetido negativo
envalentonamiento negativo
envanecimiento negativo
enzarzar negativo
equivalencia positivo
equivocacion negativo
equivocar negativo
equivocarse negativo
errar negativo
erroneo negativo
escalofriante negativo
escandalizar negativo
escandaloso negativo
escaramuza negativo
escasez negativo
escaso negativo
escoriar negativo
esencial positivo
esforzado positivo
espanto negativo
espinoso negativo
esplendido positivo
esplendor positivo
esplendoroso positivo
estafa negativo
esteril negativo
estimular positivo
estirado negativo
estrafalario negativo
estrambotico negativo
estremecedor negativo
estridente negativo
estruendo negativo
estupendo positivo
estupido negativo
euforia positivo
euforico positivo
evasivo negativo
exacto positivo
exagerado negativo
exagerar negativo
exaltar positivo
exasperante negativo
exceder positivo
excelente positivo
excentrico negativo
excepcional positivo
exclusivo positivo
exculpar positivo
execracion negativo
exencion positivo
exiguidad negativo
exiguo negativo
exitoso positivo
exorbitante negativo
experto positivo
expresivo positivo
exterminacion negativo
exterminio negativo
extrano negativo
extravagante negativo
extremo negativo
exuberante positivo
exultacion positivo
exultant positivo
facilidad positivo
facistol negativo
factible positivo
fallo negativo
falsificado negativo
falta negativo
fanfarron negativo
fantasma negativo
fantastico positivo
fantoche negativo
farolero negativo
fastidiado negativo
fastidioso negativo
fasto positivo
fastuosidad positivo
fastuoso positivo
fatal negativo
fatiga negativo
fatuo negativo
favorito positivo
fecundo positivo
fehaciente positivo
fenomenal negativo
ferocidad negativo
fertil positivo
ferviente positivo
fervor positivo
fervoroso positivo
festejo positivo
fetidez negativo
fiabilidad positivo
fiable positivo
fiasco negativo
fidedigno positivo
fiera negativo
fiereza negativo
fineza positivo
fino positivo
fisgon negativo
flamante positivo
flaqueza negativo
flojo negativo
formal positivo
formalidad positivo
formidable positivo
forrado positivo
fortuna positivo
forzar negativo
frenesi negativo
fresco negativo
frio negativo
fructifero positivo
frustrar negativo
fuero negativo
fugaz negativo
funesto negativo
furia negativo
furioso negativo
furor negativo
futilidad negativo
galanteria positivo
galardon positivo
gallardo positivo
gallito negativo
gamberro negativo
ganancia positivo
garboso positivo
gazapaton negativo
gazapo negativo
gemir negativo
generosidad positivo
genial negativo
gentil positivo
genuino positivo
glacial negativo
glorioso positivo
gorila negativo
gozoso positivo
gran positivo
grande positivo
grandeza positivo
grandiosidad positivo
gratificacion positivo
gratificante positivo
grato positivo
gratuito negativo
grima negativo
gris negativo
groseria negativo
grunon negativo
guay negativo
gusto positivo
habil positivo
habilidad positivo
hacha positivo
hampon negativo
harpia negativo
hastiado negativo
hastio negativo
hecatombe negativo
hediondez negativo
hematoma negativo
herida negativo
herir negativo
heroicidad positivo
hilaridad positivo
hinchazon negativo
histeria negativo
histerismo negativo
historia negativo
homenaje positivo
hondo positivo
honorable positivo
honorado positivo
horrendo negativo
horrido negativo
horripilante negativo
horrorizar negativo
horroroso negativo
hortera negativo
hosco negativo
hostigar negativo
huir negativo
humilde negativo
humillacion negativo
humorismo positivo
ido negativo
idoneo positivo
ignominia negativo
ilusion positivo
ilustrado positivo
imaginativo positivo
imbecil negativo
impaciente positivo
impecable positivo
impedimento negativo
imperfeccion negativo
impersonal negativo
impertinencia negativo
imponente negativo
impositivoible negativo
impreciso negativo
impresionante positivo
improductivo negativo
improperio negativo
imprudente negativo
impudico negativo
inaceptable negativo
inadecuado negativo
inadmisible negativo
inagotable positivo
inaguantable negativo
inapropiado negativo
incapacidad negativo
incapaz negativo
incitar positivo
incivilizado negativo
incomodo negativo
incompetencia negativo
incompleto negativo
inconcebible negativo
incongruente negativo
incontestable positivo
increible positivo
increpacion negativo
incuestionable positivo
indigente negativo
indiscreto negativo
indistinguible negativo
individualidad positivo
individualismo positivo
indomado negativo
indubitable positivo
indudable positivo
ineficacia negativo
ineficaz negativo
inepto negativo
inexperto negativo
infalible positivo
infame negativo
infamia negativo
infantil negativo
infatigable positivo
infecundo negativo
inflexible negativo
infortunado negativo
infortunio negativo
infructuoso negativo
ingeniosidad positivo
iniquidad negativo
inmodestia negativo
inmundo negativo
innegativoable positivo
innovador positivo
inopia negativo
inoportuno negativo
inquebrantable positivo
inquietante negativo
inquietar negativo
inquietud negativo
inquina negativo
insania negativo
insignificancia negativo
insignificante negativo
insolencia negativo
insoportable negativo
instructivo positivo
instruido positivo
insuficiente negativo
insufrible negativo
insultante negativo
insultos negativo
integridad positivo
inteligente positivo
interrumpir negativo
intolerable negativo
intoxicar positivo
intranquilidad negativo
intranquilizar negativo
intranquilo negativo
intrepido positivo
intrusion negativo
inutil negativo
invalido negativo
invasion negativo
inventiva positivo
irritacion negativo
irritante negativo
jactancia negativo
jactancioso negativo
jaque negativo
jaqueton negativo
jubilo positivo
juicioso positivo
justo positivo
laborioso positivo
ladino negativo
lamentable negativo
lamentoso negativo
lapsus negativo
lascivo negativo
lastimar negativo
lastimoso negativo
lesion negativo
levantar positivo
liberar positivo
libertar positivo
libidinoso negativo
limpio positivo
lio negativo
llamativo negativo
lobrego negativo
locatis negativo
longanimidad positivo
lozania negativo
lucimiento positivo
lucrativo positivo
lugubre negativo
lujoso positivo
luminoso positivo
lustre positivo
luxurioso negativo
macabro negativo
madurez positivo
maestria positivo
magnanime positivo
magnificencia positivo
magulladura negativo
magullar negativo
majara negativo
majareta negativo
majestuoso negativo
mal negativo
malhechor negativo
malhumorado negativo
manazas negativo
manejo negativo
mania negativo
mantener positivo
marana negativo
maravilloso positivo
matamoros negativo
maton negativo
maximo positivo
mayor positivo
medrar positivo
melancolia negativo
melancolico negativo
melon negativo
mendrugo negativo
merecedor positivo
merito positivo
miedo negativo
mierda negativo
miramiento positivo
miscelaneo negativo
miserable negativo
misero negativo
mixto negativo
modesto negativo
mohoso negativo
molesto negativo
monotono negativo
morado negativo
morbido negativo
morbositat negativo
mordacidad positivo
mordaz negativo
mortal negativo
mortandad negativo
mortifero negativo
mortificacion negativo
movida negativo
naturalidad positivo
nauseabundo negativo
nauseoso negativo
necesitar positivo
negativoro negativo
noble negativo
nocivo negativo
nombroso positivo
obsesionante negativo
obsoleto negativo
obstaculo negativo
obstinacion negativo
obstinado positivo
obtuso negativo
ocasion positivo
ofensa negativo
ofensivo negativo
ofrecerse negativo
opositivoicion negativo
oprimir negativo
opulencia positivo
opulento positivo
ordinario negativo
orgullo negativo
orgulloso negativo
osado positivo
ovacion positivo
paciencia positivo
padecimiento negativo
palangana negativo
palurdo negativo
patan negativo
patinazo negativo
patoso negativo
pavoroso negativo
pebete negativo
pelea negativo
peligroso negativo
penacho negativo
pendenciero negativo
pequeno negativo
perdicion negativo
perdonavidas negativo
perfido negativo
perjudicial negativo
pernicioso negativo
perseverante positivo
persistente positivo
perspicacia positivo
perspicaz positivo
pertinaz negativo
perturbador negativo
perturbar negativo
pescuezo negativo
peso negativo
pestazo negativo
picado negativo
picaro negativo
pinchar negativo
placidez positivo
plantista negativo
plenitud positivo
pobreteria negativo
porfiado positivo
positivoitivo positivo
practicable positivo
precaucion positivo
preciosidad positivo
precioso positivo
predilecto positivo
preocupacion negativo
preocupante negativo
prepotencia negativo
prepotente negativo
presumido negativo
pretension negativo
prevencion positivo
prevision positivo
privación negativo
pródigo positivo
productivo positivo
profundo negativo
profusión positivo
prolífero positivo
provechoso positivo
prudente positivo
pudiente positivo
punico negativo
purpura positivo
puteria negativo
quebradero negativo
quebrantar negativo
querella negativo
querubico positivo
quimerico positivo
rajon negativo
rasguño negativo
raspadura negativo
raudo positivo
razonable positivo
real positivo
realizable positivo
rebosante negativo
recaudo positivo
rechazar negativo
recular negativo
redencion positivo
reganar negativo
reganina negativo
regano negativo
regio negativo
rehilete negativo
rencor negativo
repeler negativo
reprender negativo
represalia negativo
reprimenda negativo
reproche negativo
repugnancia negativo
repulsio negativo
resistir negativo
respetable positivo
respiro positivo
resuelto positivo
retraso negativo
revancha negativo
reyerta negativo
rigido negativo
rina negativo
risueno positivo
rocin negativo
romper negativo
rufian negativo
ruido negativo
ruin negativo
sabroso positivo
sagaz negativo
sambenito negativo
sarao negativo
saturnino negativo
sensacional positivo
sensato positivo
serenidad positivo
sereno positivo
severo negativo
simpatico positivo
simplicidad positivo
siniestro negativo
soberbia negativo
soberbio negativo
sobrecogedor negativo
sobrepasar positivo
sobrepujar positivo
socarron negativo
sombrio negativo
sorprender negativo
sosiego positivo
subalterno negativo
suficiencia negativo
sufrimiento negativo
sulfurado negativo
sumo positivo
surtido negativo
tacha negativo
tarado negativo
tarambana negativo
tarasca negativo
tarugo negativo
temerario negativo
temible negativo
tempestuoso negativo
terco negativo
terquedad negativo
testarudez negativo
timo negativo
tocado negativo
toldo negativo
tomate negativo
tormentoso negativo
totalidad positivo
traicionero negativo
transgresor negativo
transporte positivo
trapisonda negativo
trastornar negativo
ufania negativo
valeroso positivo
vareta negativo
vehemencia negativo
venganza negativo
vengar negativo
ventolera negativo
veracidad positivo
verde negativo
vigorizar positivo
virulento negativo
vital positivo
vitriolico negativo
voceador negativo
vociferador negativo
zamarro negativo
zurullo negativo
